hey guys um one time i was here at
comic-con and I saw this naked girl and
so I went up to one of the guys who
worked here and I said hey that's not
fair can I be naked too and he said no
you cannot hi I noticed you here at
comic-con
I'm
what do you think you are and
what gives you the right what is the
most annoying thing about comic-con you
from number one to number ten you yearn
11 hey guys can I ask you a few
questions uh no nothing it is just be
really quick that's cool but we got a
lot of business to do here people say
that I should think about what i want to
eat before open the frigerator but I say
well how am I gonna know what's inside
unless I don't look in OLS I don't open
it what are your what is your opinion I
don't think you finish your question
there but still what I would say to you
is that when you initially go into that
refrigerator you know that previous time
you should actually memorized what's in
the refrigerator so the next time you're
not wasting that whole you know air the
air conditioned in the refrigerator's
all right mr. made mr. mega mem memory
mr. rain man who are you very good price
the minute the Dominican price for you I
like cats dogs grilled cheese sandwiches
hey doug tennapel can you answer me some
questions please uh nope I guess that's
a no go then do you have a boyfriend
what do you really like pies pies get
get it out of here get the hell out of
here you know what do I bet I bet your
show sucks do you want to go out with me
sometime
want to see my Chester right now I think
I need a new pie um we're running out of
time you know I'm leaving and I'm never
gonna watch this show you can leave
straight to hell do you like movie isn't
just shh shh shush kebab yes let's do
that okay at the same time yes thanks
David for being part of this interview
never check them out stuff we like calm
thanks for having me I don't care what
you think this show rocks socks yeah
it's it it's so cool that he has to keep
switching sunglasses